Create dedicated plugin UI (#1112)
puckeditor/puck: apps/docs/pages/docs/api-reference/plugins/fields-plugin.mdx

---
title: fieldsPlugin
---

# fieldsPlugin

> Show the fields for the current component. On desktop, the fields will appear in the right-hand sidebar. On mobile, they will appear in the plugin rail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show the fields for the currently selected component. On desktop, the fields will appear in the right-hand sidebar. On mobile, they will appear in the plugin rail.
```
